I hope you were able to go through that little exercise.
It's so simple.
You have it over.
Of course, we can modify, use, modify the color thickness.
I will like to look at the thickness because I think that's very interesting.
I say thickness such and let's say one to 12 feet deep.
I see why that's going to do fresh.
And as you see, well, it's very thick.
In some cases you may want that.
But and not the case is you may not want that.
Let's go ahead and go get rid of fat or just coming that out.
And the next one I would like to add to look at, perhaps is the color we see thickness or start indent.
What what's that all about?
Let's they start indent, and I'm going to be exaggerating one three dpi.
See what's going to happen if it's good, always good exercise or a good thing to try things out if
you don't understand them, just to see what's the worst, that could happen.
And as you can see there.
OK, so now we know what our indent means.
It makes sense.
That means it will indent, or it will offset this line to the amount that we added there.
So we can see now it's all the way to the right because 123 units, dpi units, to the right.
All right.
That was the little challenge.
I don't wanting you to do, and I'm sure you played with the modifiers and you've seen how we use modifiers.
OK, so I'm going to guess get rid of all of this and go back to what we had before, which is going
to be just a default divider.
OK.
All right.
So before we go to next VIDEO Also, there's another challenge I would like you to actually add a text
that says Miles p like this.
I would like you to also change the color of that text and make sure it is centered like this.
Go ahead and see if he can do this.